Now one core idea that is built into Angular the framework is that we build our application with so-called
components
and what does this mean?
Well let's have a look at a web page,
how it could look like. Let's say we have a page which has a header, maybe a side navigation bar and then
maybe an area with a couple of list items
and obviously, you will find many pages that have a pattern like this or some related pattern.
Now clearly, we can think of all these pieces as individual components which we then take to compose
a rich user interface.
We have a header component,
we have a side nav component,
we have our list item components and on the list item component,
we can already see one advantage of thinking in components, if we build such components with Angular and
I will show you how to do that with Angular in a second,
then we only need to set up the general logic and the look for such a list item once and we can reuse
it in our application,
like on this screen where I use it four times and that's the idea behind component driven development.
We see that in a lot of frameworks and a lot of tools and Angular is no exception,
there we think in components too because it allows us to reuse code and define logic once and then use
it as often as we want to.